The Bold Fanatic
Dare to say that you are an insult to your ancestors and want to die?
Hey, you know this right?
This is the fur clothes my grandmother used.
Hair embroidery shoes
And the secret of the Nga Mi sect, the secret book of the jade maiden's manual
Really?
But the rule of Nga Mi is to keep a pure life and not get married all her life.
Do you believe me this time?
I don't know what you call it.
Van Hyun, I see you two are about to fight.
What the hell?
Chu Man Duc is not worthy.
Not qualified to be the owner
It is clear that Bach Tam Lan has bad intentions.
Unite the elders to ambush me.
Force me to abdicate.
Good leadership.
I happened to be fishing in muddy water.
Regain Lost Immortality
Complete my revenge.
Salty
Why don't you say anything?
Is that right?
You also want to argue.